Add a very small quick start and reorganize the front page (#150)
mila-iqia/mila-docs: docs/index.rst

.. First and only part to the documentation.

> Welcome to Mila's technical documentation. See contents below and have a look
> into the :ref:`short quick start <mila_code>`.

Reviewer: NOTE: I don't know how the end of this sentence will display (I don't know the .rst format).
```suggestion
Welcome to Mila's technical documentation. If this is your first time here, we recommend you start by checking out the :ref:`short quick start guide <mila_code>`.
```

.. First and only part to the documentation.

Welcome to Mila's technical documentation. If this is your first time here, we
recommend you start by checking out the :ref:`short quick start guide

> <mila_code>`.

Author: ```suggestion
<quick_start>`.
```
